## Abstract

A windscreen wiper or windshield wiper or wiper blade is a device used to remove rain, snow, ice, washer fluid, water from a vehicle's front window. Almost all motor vehicles, including cars, trucks, buses and train locomotives are equipped with one or more such wipers, which are usually a legal requirement.  The wiper blades are made of rubber and must apply enough pressure to the windshield in order to remove all moisture without any streaks. The blade is swung back and forth over the glass, pushing water, other precipitation, or any other impediments to visibility, from its surface. 

Most windscreen wipers operate together with a windscreen washer; a pump that supplies a mixture of water, alcohol, and detergent (a blend called windscreen washer fluid) from a tank to the windscreen. The fluid is dispensed through small nozzles mounted on the hood. Conventional nozzles are usually used, but some designs use a fluidic oscillator to disperse the fluid more effectively.

Some vehicles are now available with automatic or driver-programmable windscreen wipers that detect the presence and amount of rain using a rain sensor. The sensor automatically adjusts the speed and frequency of the blades according to the amount of rain detected. These controls usually have a manual override.

In this project, we use the STM32 an ARM based Microcontroller to illustrate an automobile wiper control system. Most automobile wipers are controlled by a DC motor, however because the STM32 lacks a motor, we are exploring using LEDs in this application. The STM32 has four LEDs and a Push Button. The colours of these LEDs are orange, green, red, and blue. If you push and hold the user button for two seconds, the Red Led is on indicating that the ignition key is positioned at the ACC. Furthermore, the LEDs are flickering with a frequency of 1HZ when the push button is pressed indicating that the wipers are turned on. If we again press the push button the LED’s flicker with increased frequency of 4HZ,and if we press third time the LED’s will flicker with a increased frequency of 8HZ and if we press fourth time the LED’s will stop after coming to starting position. And if we push and hold the user button for two seconds the red LED turns off indicating that the the ignition key is positioned at the Lock.
